6002 CW Transcript


Good afternoon, this is haibofang，MY student id is：10023361.
-sorry,
Next I’m gonna to show my project, my app is Todo ListApp.

00:22 --- APP Introduction
ToDo APP encourages you to complete your daily tasks, reduces forgetfulness, assists you in recording the little things in your life, acts as a second brain, a tool for you to use, increases your productivity, and allows your brain to be used for thinking in a procrastination-prone environment.
Next I will run my project，This will take a little longer。

00:58----- Show Data persistence, external APIs, authentication services
(Complexity of applications to meet brief requirements)
In the CW2 brief, The app is required to have data persistence, at least one external API, and a very good UI interface element, and must also be developed using the MVVM framework, which must be complex

01:29------ external APIs
 (Call external API login, add listings, etc.)
First, I did a lot of external api's, including user login, changing list names, adding lists, deleting lists, adding tasks, deleting tasks, etc.


(A database must be created before user data can be saved. Database persistence is a property that ensures that data is stored permanently and cannot be accidentally lost or erased even during a database crash.)
Next is data persistence, which you can see here, You can see here a link to sqlite.DB, which holds user data, information such as avatars, emails, nicknames, etc.

02:28------ Authentication
(Authentication is required to secure the account for the data.)
I did the authentication, it's a login screen because this saves your personal information and you can't use the app without logging in. These are the three parts of it
Next I am going to show my app

02:54------- Login interface
(Login screen where users can log in)
Log in to the main screen, now you can see the main screen, you can see the user's avatar their name, their account information

03:18------ Create new list
（Users can create new lists to give an overview of what will happen .For example, the user's shopping plan or study plan for the day）
You can create a new list by clicking on the Create List button, you enter the name and submit and you can see the new list at the top.

03:43------ Counters
( The counter will show how many tasks are included in the list.)

03:47----- Add task
(Users can add tasks to remind them of the day and then list them to help them organise their day)
If you want to add a task, click on the plus icon. Then If you want to do the reading, at 2pm, then you can see that the addition was successful

04:04----- Left and right swipe function
(Users can swipe this left and right, want to do a swipe to see a quirky emoji, and swipe right to remove the added task.)
You can swipe left or swipe again on a task, if you swipe left it will give you an expression, if you swipe right it will remove the added task.

04:23----- Change the name of the list
(Users can change the name of the list, for example if they want to change tomorrow's task to today, so they can change the name of the list)
Then, also, you can change the name of your list, for example: this is test1 and we change it to test2.

04:34----- Delete List
(When the user does not want the list, they can delete it)
You can then also delete the list. See it done.

04:49------ Return to main page
（Regardless of being in that list, you need to return to the home page）
You can then click on the house button and return to the home page

That's all the features
